README.md, before:

# AngularGoogleBooksExplorer

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.1.0.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add English project summary and feature list to README

README.md, after:

# Angular Google Books Explorer

## Project Overview & Features

This project is a modern, responsive Angular application for exploring books using the Google Books API. It includes the following features:

- **Modern Minimal UI:** Clean, soft color palette, beautiful spacing, and smooth animations.
- **English Language:** All user-facing text and UI is in English.
- **Book Search & Filtering:** Search books by keyword, filter by category, and paginate results.
- **5x5 Book Grid:** Displays 25 books per page in a 5-column responsive grid.
- **Book Cards:** Each card shows the book cover, title, authors (with badges), and categories (with colored badges).
- **Book Insights:** Data visualization with interactive charts (bar, pie, line) for book analytics and category distribution.
- **Report Generator:** Export book analytics and statistics as DOCX or PDF, with APA-style summary and top categories.
- **Send Report:** Fill out a multi-step form to send the latest report and selected books to any email, with an additional message.
- **Fully Responsive:** Works great on desktop, tablet, and mobile.
- **Error Handling:** User-friendly error messages and loading states.

---

# AngularGoogleBooksExplorer

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 20.1.0.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
